SEC.gov | Home Skip to search field Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. SEC homepage Menu Close Search SEC.gov & EDGAR Search Search Filings Search Filings Full Text Search Latest Filings Mutual Fund Search Variable Insurance Products Search SIC Codes CIK Lookup Public Dissemination Service (PDS) Search Assistance Submit Filings Submit Filings EDGAR Filer Management Portal EDGAR Filing Portal Online Forms Management Portal EDGAR Next Forms Index Filer Support & Resources Data & Research Data & Research SEC & Markets Data Taxonomies Statistics & Data Visualizations Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance Rules & Regulations Rulemaking Activity Statutes & Regulations Staff Guidance No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking Public Petitions for Rulemaking Enforcement & Litigation Litigation Releases Administrative Proceedings Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions Trading Suspensions Distributions to Harmed Investors Receiverships Compliance Examination Priorities Risk Alerts Compliance Outreach Program Proposed Rules What's New Whistleblower Program Securities Topics Securities Topics Cybersecurity Saving and Investing for Military Personnel Market Structure Saving and Investing for Teachers About About Mission Crypto Task Force Commissioners Divisions & Offices Division & Office Directors Advisory Committees Budget & Performance Reports & Publications Commission Votes Contact the SEC Careers Submit a Tip or Complaint Newsroom | Investors Small Businesses Whistleblowers Newsroom | Investors Small Businesses Whistleblowers Search SEC.gov & EDGAR Search SEC Operational Status Due to a lapse in appropriations, the SEC is currently operating in accordance with the agency's plan for operating during a shutdown. Effective Wednesday, October 1, 2025 and until further notice, the agency will have a very limited number of staff members available. The SEC has staff available to respond to emergency situations with a focus on the market integrity and investor protection components of our mission. Our plan calls for the continuing operation of certain Commission systems, including EDGAR. We plan to post any changes in operational status on this page. Additional information is available from the Division of Corporation Finance , the Division of Trading and Markets , the Division of Examinations , and the Division of Investment Management and from a joint statement from the Divisions of Corporation Finance and Investment Management . Home Home Home We make markets work better. Founded to help our country respond to the Great Depression, we’re the agency that protects investors from misconduct, promotes fairness & efficiency in the securities markets, and facilitates capital formation for those looking to hire, innovate, and grow. About the SEC Quick Links We work together to make a positive impact on America’s economy, our capital markets, and people’s lives. Check Rulemaking Activity Search EDGAR Crypto Task Force View Commission Votes Read Enforcement News Submit your Filings Check Investment Professionals Enviar un Dato - Recursos en Español The SEC Launches "Project Crypto" Chairman Paul Atkins outlines the SEC's new initiative, Project Crypto. CONTINUE READING Latest News View All Latest News Press Release SEC Announces Departure of Director of Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation Stacey Bowers Sept. 30, 2025 Press Release SEC Continues Efforts to Assist Market Participants During Implementation of Treasury Clearing Rules Sept. 30, 2025 Upcoming Events View All Upcoming Events Nov 04 Cancelled SEC Meetings and Other Events Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee Meeting The SEC's Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee is holding a public meeting regarding matters relating to rules and regulations affecting small and emerging businesses and their investors under the federal securities laws. Nov 18 SEC Meetings and Other Events Joint Compliance Outreach Program for Municipal Advisors, Dealers, and Other Market Professionals The SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), and Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB) are holding a virtual two-day compliance outreach program for municipal market professionals. SEC Rulemaking The SEC engages in rulemaking through a transparent process guided by the Administrative Procedure Act and informed by public comment. Members of the public are invited to share comments on proposed rulemakings. Submit a Comment At Investor.gov, the SEC provides investors with the resources to make informed investment decisions. Visit Investor.gov YOU'LL FIND: Financial tools and calculators Investing FAQs Tips to avoid investment fraud Timely investor alerts Return to top SEC homepage About the SEC Budget & Performance Careers Commission Votes Contact Contracts Transparency Accessibility & Disability Artificial Intelligence Cummings Notice FOIA Inspector General No FEAR Act & EEO Data Ombuds SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance Websites Investor.gov Related Sites USA.gov Site Information Plain Writing Privacy & Security Site Map Stay connected. Sign up for email updates. Your email address Sign Up X Facebook Instagram RSS YouTube Email Updates